Miss
I didn't know your identity two days ago.
How can this be offended?
The owner's appearance and temperament are so first-class
It turned out to be the daughter of the richest man.
These idiots mistook me for the eldest lady of the Ye family
It's better to be wrong
Anyway, with my looks and abilities
If you are absolutely careless, you are my eldest lady
It's just not a good fit, right?
He is the eldest lady
You got it wrong.
Excuse me.
Let you recognize why he didn't come out again
Chairperson Ye's daughter is in my hands
I'm flattered.
I go to the grassroots
To experience the life of ordinary people
You just need to know who I am
Don't preach it everywhere ah yes yes yes yes yes
Miss, you have ordered
We naturally dare not talk nonsense.
Haha, the eldest lady is too low-key.
This is the real daughter's style
Unlike some people, the more lacking something, the more dazzling it is
What about your actual report at Apple?
Ink for so long
Gotta delay
Oh, stop pretending.
Here it is.
Louis' new model
Assistant Ye?
Miss Yela
Isn't this the same bag you carried?
Ye Qiuyan, you really love vanity
As soon as I entered the company, I was faked
What are you saying?
Who carries the fake bag?
What identity do you have with the same bag as my sister?
This bag is worth 600,000
You can afford to be an intern at the bottom.
weird
Carrying a fake bag to work at the night market
Then you are giving our Chairperson Ye's face?
This is what my dad gave me
It was your poor parents who bought the counterfeit
The upper beam is not correct and the lower beam is crooked.